Update documentation for 128 bit trace ID generation for java (#20741)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/library_config/java.md

**Default**: `true`<br>
When `true`, the tracer collects [telemetry data][8]. Available for versions 0.104+. Defaults to `true` for versions 0.115+.

`dd.trace.128.bit.traceid.generation.enabled`
: **Environment Variable**: `DD_TRACE_128_BIT_TRACEID_GENERATION_ENABLED`<br>
**Default**: `true`<br>

> When `true`, the tracer generates 128 bit Trace IDs and encodes Trace ID as 32 lower-case hexadecimal characters with zero-padding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `true`, the tracer generates 128 bit Trace IDs and encodes Trace IDs as 32 lowercase hexadecimal characters with zero padding.
```
